# Welcome

## Introduction

Welcome to Flatiron School's Software Engineering course! Over the next 800-1000
hours you will learn everything you need to know to get started as a Software
Engineer. It's going to be harder, and more rewarding than any other learning
experience you've ever had, we promise, but we're thrilled that you've joined
our community. Let's learn together.

Before diving in, we need to briefly go over a few things. In the next few
lessons, we'll introduce some of the features of this learning platform and get
your personal computer set up for the rest of the course (what we refer to as
_'your local environment'_).

In this lesson, though, we'd like to talk on
philosophy.

## Flatiron School's Philosophy

We are comrades in a never-ending quest for knowledge. While there are no
shortcuts, we believe that by providing knowledge in an optimized order,
reinforcing knowledge with hands-on, feedback driven practice, and providing
space for discussion, you will learn quickly. Our goal is to provide the
right materials, support and structure _you_ need to discover your own love for
the code.

## The Learn Community

We don't believe in learning alone. As you make progress, expect to bump into
other learners just like you, ready and willing to help each other succeed.
Together, we can go further than we could ever go alone. We expect everyone to
be friendly, respectful, helpful, and nice.

If you get stuck following the instructions, ask! If you get stuck getting a
coding concept, ask! Instructors and peers from the community will be glad to
help. Equally, if you find someone asking a question that you can provide
insight on, please do! One of the best ways to confirm your own understanding of
a concept is to try and help someone else understand it.

## Conclusion

You're just getting started, and we're happy you're here. To proceed to the next
lesson, click "Next" at the bottom of the page.

Happy Learning!